Right now the replacer only works with trimeshes.

1) Get a lightsaber from kotor into GMax/3DSMax (you know how to do this).
2) Rename the hilt something else like "old".
3) Take note of the old hilt's parent node (may be something like dummy27).
4) Unlink the "old" hilt so that its parent is "scene root".
5) Make your lightsaber (many steps omitted for brevity ;)  ).
6) Position your new lightsaber so that the top of your hilt
   is even with the top of the original hilt.
7) Position the pivot point of your light saber to have the
   same coordinates and rotation as the original hilt.
     a) Select your lightsaber and then click the "heirarchy" tab.
     b) Make sure "pivot" is selected then click "affect pivot only"
     c) Click the "align" button on the top  tool bar and then click the "old" hilt.
     d) In the align window make sure the following options are selected:
         Align position: x position.
         Align position: y position.
         Align position: z position.
         Align position: current object: Pivot point.
         Align position: target object: Pivot point.
         Align orientation: X axis.
         Align orientation: Y axis.
         Align orientation: Z axis.
     e) Click OK.
     f) Click on "Affect Pivot Only" to turn it off.
8) Select your saber then click the "ResetXForm" button in the NWMax "Mesh tools" section.
9) You can re-link the blades and the dummies, but it is not necessary.
10) Link your new saber mesh to the old hilts parent (from step 3).
11) Export.

1) Fire up MDLOps 0.7. You will see a button that says "Replacer"; click it.
2) Click the "binary model" button and find the binary .mdl
    of the lightsaber you started with. Select it and click "open".
3) Click the "ascii model" buttom and find the ascii .mdl
    you exported. Select it and click "open".
4) Click "read models".
5) You will see a window listing all of the trimesh items in the binary .mdl.
   Select the hilt and then click "set replace target".
6) A new window will open listing all of the trimesh items in the ascii .mdl
   Select your new hilt and then click "select target".
7) Now click the "Do it!" button.
8) The new binary .mdl and .mdx with your hilt will be placed in the same
    directory as the original binary .mdl and .mdx.  The files will be named
    <model>-rbin.mdl and <model>-rbin.mdx.
9) Rename the files, move to the Override folder, load the game, and hope it doesn't crash. ;) 